API-11995 Removed create group priority requirement (#1282)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/changelog/index.mdx

## [v3.6] - Developer preview

### Groups

> - The [**Create Group**](/management/configuration-api/v3.6/#create-group) method parameter `agent_priorities` requirement "At least one Agent must have the `normal` priority" were removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The "At least one Agent must have the `normal` priority" requirement was removed from the [**Create Group**](/management/configuration-api/v3.6/#create-group) method's  `agent_priorities` parameter.
```
